[CES-440] Added new name creation method for all resources (#176)
pagopa/dx: .changeset/eighty-cows-wave.md

---
"azure_naming_convention": patch
---

> Added new name creation method with resource type input and name output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated name generation which includes resource type input and add those names in output
```
